Add gcc 11 docker (#644)
LLNL/serac: src/serac/numerics/functional/tests/CMakeLists.txt

# not sure how we want to handle performance-related tests
set(functional_performance_tests
    performance/J2_material_with_AD.cpp)

> # only add diffision test for all compilers except for gcc-11 to prevent compiler-related bug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Only add diffusion test for all compilers except for gcc-11 to prevent compiler-related bug
# src/serac/numerics/functional/tests/performance/diffusion_performance_test.cpp:97:24: sorry, unimplemented: unexpected AST of kind nontype_argument_pack
#   97 |     grad[i][j][k] = dot(x, element_type::shape_function_gradients({xi[i], xi[j], xi[k]}));
```

# not sure how we want to handle performance-related tests
set(functional_performance_tests
    performance/J2_material_with_AD.cpp)

# Only add diffusion test for all compilers except for gcc-11 to prevent compiler-related bug
# src/serac/numerics/functional/tests/performance/diffusion_performance_test.cpp:97:24: sorry, unimplemented: unexpected AST of kind nontype_argument_pack
#   97 |     grad[i][j][k] = dot(x, element_type::shape_function_gradients({xi[i], xi[j], xi[k]}));
if(NOT (C_COMPILER_FAMILY_IS_GNU AND "${CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_VERSION}" VERSION_GREATER 11.0.0))
    list(APPEND function_performance_tests
         performance/diffusion_performance_test.cpp)

> endif()

Reviewer 2: I believe #660 addressed this issue (although I only really tested it with my local gcc-11 builds), so we should hopefully be able to add this test back to the suite.

Author: okay i reverted that file back to normal
